Explain the difference between inline and inline block

inline sites inline 
aceepts margin and padding, but will onlymove other element horizontally, not vertially 
will not accept a height and width

Expalin display: block
Most container element like <div>, <setion> and <ul> are set to display:block by default. 
Block elements don't sit inline, and break past themselves.
hey take up as much horizontal space as they can by default

What does position relative and absolute do? 

relaive: an element original position remains in the flow of the document, jist like the static value. But now left, right , top bottom z-index will work 

absolute: the elemtn is removed from the flow of the document and other elements will hehave as if it's not even there whilst all othe other positional properties will work on it.

What is the MD5 way of generating a tinURL? 

You take the first 43 bits of a tinyURL, convert it into numbers, and convert each number into the tiny URL by mapping then into a letter or value

Explain the counter based approach (with tinyURL)?

3 type: single host, all host, range based 

Single host: one host fives a tinyURL and increments a counter every time it fives one out. That host is single point of failur and bottleneck. 

Alll host: each host generates tinyURL, sharing parts of the 43 bits that the single host would. With high traffic, there is high change of collision. Need more than 43 bits for it to properly work. 

Range based: seperating host work by range of combinations (one has first million etc) scales well. If one dies, have other ranges to use. Can keep adding ranges until reach max. Security threat since hackers to use. Can keep adding ranges until reach max. Security threat since hackers can predict next url. Add extra bits to get past this.

Describe Prim's minimum spanning tree(mst)

1. create a set mst set that keeps track of vertice  already included in MST 
2. Assign a key value to all vertices in teh input graph. 
Initialize all key values as inifite . Assign key values as 0 for the first vertex so that it is picked first. 
3) while not mst set doesn't include all vertices 
a) pick a vertex v which is not there in mst set and has minimum key value b) include v to mst set (value being distnace to most recent vertex) c) update key value of all adjacent vertices of v (update is weight from v-u is least than previous amount)

Explain floats and clears

float: keep element part of the flow of the pages float: left woul have elements on left of page with text wrapping around it 

clear: elements with clear don't move up next to a float like the float property wants. There's a clera both, left, right, andn none

Explain clearfix 

It clears elements after the element with a set code 

What is a Trie? 

What might you want to stoe in each node? 

An efficient reTreval data structure. Keys are stored in a well balanced binary search tree. Storing a key takes MlogN where M is ma string lengt and N is the nmber of keys. Can search a key in O(m) time. For autocomplete, each node is letter and each node holds top results of next letter/words

How do you handle it when you Trie becomes too large to be stored on one machine? 

Divide ranges of nodes among different machines. Initially had everything in 3 machines so system would still work if one machine went down. Would expand to 3 more machines if want  half to be on new machines (since evertyhingn can't fit in one)

How would you collect and update the top results for a certain node in the Trie? 

Have a distributed cache that data bases can access before sending a request to the machine with the trie would more that likely be LRU cache (or memcache)

